first reaction to seeing of lore "wtf? who would sit here for an hour listening to lore?!"one hour 18 minutes later "This shit better have a part 2"

watches Jaina try to keep Thrall and Garrosh from bumping into Varian Seriously, why the hell did Thrall think making Garrosh Warchief would be a good idea?

Sylvanas and Illidan are both my fav charachters and lore. both are tragic and sad, bound to eternity of loneliness

Do I want to watch this?? I guess I'll be up all night

Seems the Windrunners have a thing for humans. Bow chicka bow wow.

Remember before MOP how people would chant "Jaina and Thrall sitting in a tree. K-i-s-s-i-n-g?" No? Just me? Yeah cough good times.

and she is now the Horde Warchief.

The captions lol. "Eeeey its voljin" "Yah really its voljin"

Since Sylvana can raise elven rangers is there a chance we can get a dark ranger hero class ? I've always wanted this to be an elven dark ranger

In the words of Arthas, finally.

Time to make a part 2 soon :)

I miss Arthas.

We're going to need another 90 minutes of Nobbel goodness to cover the last 4 years :)

When will they learn? When will they see that the Horde exists BECAUSE of the Alliance Because of their prejudice and bigotry!? They force us ever closer to Hellscream's Horde!

This is the longest video i have ever willingly watched. It was worth my time. :)

As a "newer" player who learned the Warcraft universe through Warcraft 3, I always felt a special connection with the key characters during the third war, like Thrall, Cairne, Arthas, Jaina.

2nd saddest story after Arthas. So much potential turned into evil ass. Only that Sylvanas doesn't become new Arthas, bastard who she hated, better that she become good character with some better purpose. After all, she is Elf.

"Im not proud anymore" -Jaina Proudmoore

I really really really really hope they don't make Sylvanas another Garrosh.

Evening everybody! This video should have gone live like wednesday, but man it's been a wacky week for the lore. Hope you'll enjoy the full version of Jaina's story!

I feel so bad for her... She's my favorite character in WC lore. I hope one day she'll be able to clean her name as she truly is a hero. Her story should be told to children to teach them that revenge won't fix anything. Revenge is a path of anger to even more suffering. I really hope one day when there will be peace on Azeroth she'll be able to make a cure for her and her people. That would be a perfect ending in my eyes. Also I might add that maybe Vereesa and Alleria could help her find her way back now that we know Alleria is still alive in WoW. I wonder what impact will that have on Sylvanas.

what happen to Kinndy is just too sad, and the memory in dalaran, ninja cutting onions

Can we get an updated version nobbel?

TLDR: She's amazing AF

Sylvanas should have been the  one to kill Arthas 

My GOD. The idea of Jainna fell in love with a guy she just met piss me off.

The Wrath Gate cinematic never fails to give me goosebumps

ill follow her to the ends of the earth <3

erybody whining on the new WoW warbringer piece has not watched this

Jaina makes me so depressed. She did nothing wrong and the world keeps punishing her for it.

the way this guy pronounces "RrrrrrONAN" is my favorite

The history of Jaina, as narrated by Dracula

Should be noted she was eligedily a vegetarian and failed art school

I got myself a cup of tea and some biscuits for this one.

I love it how your Worgen mastiff pet is called "hiyoutube" lmao

Why does it seem like each wow expansion is some kind of world ending story. Kinda make the whole world ending thing lackluster.

Still feeling chills when i watch the Wrath Gate cutscene.

I am learning so much from this I never got to in game... Thank you.

lol nathanos and her just got confirmed as lovers in retail kappa

Jaina can not seem to stop being betrayed. She certainly have good reasons to hate the hord. But more then anything this just highlight how silly and stupid making Garrosh warchief was. And when he ordered the attack on Jainas city the people that she had helped before just let it happen.

Well. Seeing that grand marshal dead was satisfying. I didn't like the way he treated Kael'thas

I had been wondering about her story all week! Impeccable timing Nobbel! Great work as always

Here after Blizzcon 2019

Been a fan of the Character since I was a kid playing Wc3 breaks my heart seeing her destroyed again and again as I grew up with the franchise, funny how that works.

quite a turn of events that bring sylvanas from fighting the horde in the first two wars only to end up

So glad you made this. Her warbringer cinematic was amazing.

I have a theory that Sylvannas doesn't actually go to hell whenever she dies, and that it is all just a scenario created by the Val'Kyr to keep her alive.

WE WILL END YOU! FOR THE ALLIANCE!

I love Sylvanas; she's my favorite wow character. An unparalleled badass

Came here just to leave a like since I already watched the 4 parts

My girlfriend just started playing WoW. She really liked Sylvanas and wanted to know more about her so we sat down and watched this. She enjoyed the video and now wants to know more Warcraft lore. Thanks for making such a great video Nobbel!

I was literally just watching the first part of this

nobbel Will You upgrade the Story of sylvanas after legion?

"something about Jaina" the movie lol

Dont wanna see sylvanas as an endboss" Too right mate :( Too little too late now though. One day we'll get an actual horde leader back.

Amazing summary, didn't expect the range of emotions I felt about the whole story. Damn. Bfa will be liTTT.

Here watching this after the Sylvanas vs Saurfang cinematic and it pains me to see what Blizzard turned her into.. sigh

"They had been chopped to pieces" and "They had been skinned"... "They were not sure if they were alive".... uhm What???

"then she went crazy and burned teldrassil" ...

soon as i got the notification i went to the store to buy some popcorn :)

Wauw, over 1 million views pops champagne Thanks so much everyone!

Nobbel did something happen to you as a young, impressionable child... perhaps during a snowball fight?

Sylvanas, my favorite anti-hero!

Her change is one of the most organic and realistic in media I have seen in a long time. Very realistic as anyone would have changed given what she dealt with and in many ways she is right. Unfortunately I would bet that in the end they will show that the change came due to demonic control.

Poor Sylvanas. Her Family and Friends are like dead, She warned her people but they couldn't do ANYTHING but prey for mercy,Her SOUL was TAKEN by The little spoiled brat Arthus,(litch king) and is the Banshee queen and even though she got REVENGE on Arthus! She still is just the banshee queen I feel SOOOO bad for her!

lol i just woke up from sleep next to my laptop and this video was on and i had apperantly watched half of it lol

I'm so excited to see her story finally continue in Legion. Pls bring Alleria back

You should make all your lore videos on a podcast!:)

I love Sylvanas I don’t care if she is evil She has suffered more than any other Warcraft character ever! She deserves Redemption.

I'm so glad the events of BfA could finally heal Jaina! Jaina, Thrall, Baine and the others should finally get the peace they are fighting for!

I would like a redo of this - just because we got more lore and more BS going on

Watching this and realizing that there was a time that Malfurion/Tyrande , Thrall and Jaina didn't knew each other...

This may need a little refresh in regards of the elements of the Battle for Azeroth's extension

She is by far my favorite wow character

+Nobbel87 I always been fascinated by Sylvanas ...she's my favorite :)

Honestly, i think arhat didn't do anything wrong at Stratholme . I mean one city, to contain the plague and stop it's expanding  to the whole kingdom and even further. yea, i'd do the same. 

I really like Slyvanas, I hope Blizzard does something good with her.

Can't wait for War 1, 2, and 3 to be remastered :)

Sylvanas is my favorite character. I'm so glad I stumbled upon this vid.

i miss theramore .. i remember being on my orc rogue ganking ppl there back in burning crusade  

"This isn't over, Arthas. I'll never stop hunting you."

also during this time im pretty sure deathwing was still a lord in hiding forgot his name as its been awhile since i read arthas and day of the dragon but i remember reading something about OH prestor thats his name talkling to someone arthas saw

Honestly, under the right circumstances Arthas and Sylvanas would make a very good match in an alternate universe imo. Both being headstrong and fearless leaders whose main priorities are safeguarding their people...Not to mention it would complete the set as the other Windrunner sisters are married to humans as well. Imagine if Ner'zhul chose Varian instead.

I think this is by far the longest lore video I've ever watched but it was definitely worth the time!! 

I think her becoming warchief sort of contradicts your last statement.  I can't imagine anything more risky to your life than becoming leader of the horde.  Do you think Sylvanas has changed?

You're an excellent story teller.  I like how you don't cut anything out, it adds to the story.

Will there be a Part 4? After 3 years, her story has grown significantly.

i find jaina's story most intriguing, i wonder how she will develop further into the story line

Hipocricy is strong with Garrosh. Ressurecting dead humans is bad, but destroying a neutral town is ok.

Jaina is one of my most favorite characters in fiction.

My favorite character and this is exactly was I was looking for. Thank you thank you thank you!

Jaina has ben my favorite char sense i started playing in 2012. And i can thank you for it. you are really good at explaining a charecter with all the needed details. nothing more nothing less just what u need to know.

this needs to be updated for legion!

lmao remember that time Varian Wrynn prevented Garroshs execution and lead to the death of millions, including himself?

Very ending: "We are the terrors that flap in the night!"

Jaina has such a sad story she been through so much and was still able to stay strong for the most part

LONG LIVE THE DARK LADY!!!!!!

The new Jaina game art is giving me Ciri vibes from Witcher 3

With recent events I believe the Banshee Queen has become an agent of the old gods or at least a pawn unknowingly.

watching this - having played for 15 years as horde - i think blizzard does a bad job of explaining these stories.  I had no idea baine and garrosh had even fought. lol